You level up your bond by spending time with characters after school

Sometimes there will be some choice prompts ingame that makes you level up bond with certain characters depending on your choice (example : attend class, +1 with Brom while play hooky, +1 with Mogall)


Mogall:
	It's my self insert HA HA HA
	"I give you my undivided attention"
	Ablast is the villain
		has a cartoon pirate hat
		theme song is shitty midi
		tells mogall he doesn't need romance because he can divide
		kinkshames the mogall
	Mogall decides on his own
	
Furret:
	wholesome scarf rat
		Furret cannot speak and only does things like sniff and look around
		Furret sniffs something and chases it while you follow it around. That’s it that’s the whole route
		While doing so you form a strong bond with furret
		Good end is furret asks you to walk around the world with him
		Bad end is furret walks alone

	
Green Unit:
	"I want to fuck green unit fire emblem"
		Green unit turns out to be female?
		At first green unit only focuses to be strong but as you spend time with her(?) you tell her strengh isn’t everything
		She then tells you the sad tale of how her kinds is seen as disposable and used as sacrifires in war
		On good end you turn her into blue unit and she finally takes out her helmet and you see her true face
		On bad unit green unit gets hit by cavalry and dies. You get hit too

	
3-13 & Rock Guy:
	twins?
	
Kempf:
	everything is gibberish
	everyone think's he's a poet
	
Leif:
	Sick of 776 jokes
	third wheel/irrelevant friend/exchange student?
	
Brom:
	Gym teacher
		You ask Brom out on dinner and he refuses at first but finally decides to go after some event (?)
		Brom introduces you to his daughter Meg
		On date number xx you get interrupted by some big titty waifus who seduces you
		Brom gets dejected but you decide to stay with him anyway
		On good end you, Brom and Meg have dinner in Brom’s house
		On bad end Brom stops working at the school due to some “family issues” and replaced with Camilla

	
Meg:
	
	
Mustache Hayato:
	Hayato with a mustache so we know how old he is
	
Pineapple:
	basically takumi but better
	
Kelik:
	edgy dude from The Last Promise
	
Mia:
	
SPE OC Contest Winners?:
	
	
Protagonist (insert clever name):
	Separate from the player
	covers dialogue choices he doesn't like
	menus appear in the middle of protag dialogue
	total casual?
	
Intro:
	After a relaxing day on reddit, you tuck yourself into your nice bed, but on the next day you find out things aren't quite how you remember them to be...
	
	School for shitposting?
		"tch im surrounded by casuals"
		"if you post a joke where the only punchline is 776 you will face immediate punishment, is that clear?"
		
		
		
Bad Ends:
	Progress assassin:
		kills you if you don't get to a route?
